My mother is Lin Xinyue.
Li Xiaochuan, what nonsense are you talking about?
How could this bastard know Lin Xinyue?
Is Lin Xinyue back?
That's impossible. That woman is dead
He must have interfered with Daddy and Mommy
Buddha and Daddy don't want us
No wonder you hate it when we talk about daddy
And my good big brother was tortured by his stepmother since he was a child
Hmph, I want to avenge our brother
Drive away the witch
Dad, I'm broken.
I don't know what you mean by comforting grandma
How did you know that name?
It's him. My mom has nightmares
Do him sorry star month
So I thought he stole the child of Star Month
I don't have your nonsense.
Okay, enough.
What's your name with a child?
Ogawa
Dad buys you toys
Let's go back to our room
I thought I could rely on this chip to become a wife
Six years later, I'm still nameless.
It seems that the dead boy can't stay
Mr. Li, this little boy is very similar to the little master
Now there are many rich families, and it is the dog blood of women running with the ball.
The world may be handsome
KD has something to do
Stay in his room. Okay
Wow little brother hello
I'm your big brother, okay?
How is the eldest brother getting along with his younger siblings?
Fortunately, for your fake mother
You are a bad woman for a poor father
We're going to get revenge on him together
Okay, wait until I go back.
You're missing so much of Mommy's love
You stay on mommy and let me do it
Brother, are you playing with my computer?
Ah!
You, you, you are not my second brother